Dear Hiring Manager,


        I’ve been a Twitch user for over five years now, and in that time I’ve watched Twitch evolve into the massive hub of entertainment it now is. It’s because of my time spent with Twitch that I am looking to apply to the Engineering Intern position. I am a senior at Northeastern University currently pursuing a degree in computer science, and I feel as though I’ve obtained a solid foundation of what it means to be an engineer through my courses and past professional experiences. Enough so, that I believe I can be a positive addition to the Twitch team. Twitch is extremely user oriented when it comes to the site’s development. From site redesigns, to new creator tools, Twitch is constantly changing in ways that empower the community. I’ve experienced this all from the user point of view, and I’d love the opportunity to be able to make my own contributions.
        My most recent internship was as a software engineer at ASICS Digital, where I got to experience what it’s like to work in different aspects of software engineering. I went in with minimal web development experience but was able to pick up the basics quickly enough to start making pull requests within the first few days. I worked effectively in an AGILE environment to push biweekly releases containing updates to our ecommerce website. I familiarized myself with Salesforce Commerce Cloud while there and sharpened my JavaScript skills. When I wasn’t working on the ecommerce website I was working on ways to streamline our development process. I assisted in developing a minifier using OCAPI to shrink catalog files for sandbox environments, vastly improving loading times and in turn development time. I communicated with our QA team and wrote documentation for testing practices along with code reviews. I worked as a QA engineer at the same company for a year before that where I built and maintained their QA automation testing environment. I was forced to learn about docker containers, python, selenium, and website structures in order to build a framework that ran regression tests hourly/nightly. I pride myself in my ability to be able to independently research topics I’m confused about, and work my way through that confusion with the resources I am provided.
        Creating is something that excites me. Not just the finished product but the entire process of getting there. Staring at a large project with no idea how to do it, breaking it up into smaller pieces, and slowly gathering the knowledge necessary to complete those smaller pieces is beyond rewarding. I seek out this feeling not only in my career, but in my personal life to with a number of random projects for whenever I get bored. I’ve developed a small 2D Unity game, developed Java plugins for popular Minecraft servers, written Discord bots for my friends and I, just to name a few. Through these projects I’ve become familiar with Java, JavaScript, Python, and C++.
I believe my ability to learn accompanied by my desire to create would make me a good fit for Twitch’s culture. My phone number is 781-526-7006 and my email is garcia.jor@northeastern.edu. I appreciate you taking the time to read this and look forward to hearing from you.